Edits to new tablespaces and samples content (#3500)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/tablespaces.md

## Storage classes and tablespaces

> As you can for PGDATA and WAL volumes, you can use different storage classes for your
> tablespaces. This is a convenient way of optimizing your resources,

Reviewer: Maybe this would be simpler to parse?
```suggestion
You can use different storage classes for your tablespaces, just as you can for PGDATA and
WAL volumes. This is a convenient way of optimizing your resources,
```

      storageClass: balanced
```

The `yardbirds` cluster example requests 4 persistent volume claims using
3 different storage classes:

> - Default storage class – Used by the `PGDATA` and WALs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default storage class – Used by the `PGDATA` and WAL volumes.
```

    status: pending
```

## Backup and recovery

CloudNativePG handles backup of tablespaces (and the relative
tablespace map) both on object stores and volume snapshots.

!!! Warning
    By default, backups are taken from replica nodes. A backup taken immediately
    after creating tablespaces in a cluster can result in an
    incomplete view of the tablespaces from the replica and thus an incomplete
    backup. The lag will be resolved in a maximum of 5 minutes, with the next
    reconciliation.

Once a cluster with tablespaces has a base backup, you can restore a
new cluster from it. When it comes to the recovery side, it's your
responsibility to ensure that the `Cluster` definition of the recovered
database contains the exact list of tablespaces.

## Replica clusters

Replica clusters must have the same tablespace definition as their origin.
The reason is that tablespace management commands like `CREATE TABLESPACE`
are WAL logged and are replayed by any physical replication client (streaming or by way of WAL shipping).

It's your responsibility to ensure that replica clusters have the same list of

> tablespaces, with the same name. (Storage class and size might vary.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tablespaces, with the same name. Storage class and size might vary.
```

PostgreSQL allows you to define one or more temporary tablespaces to create
temporary objects (temporary tables and indexes on temporary tables) when a

> `CREATE` command doesn't explicitly specify a tablespace. It also allows you to define temporary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`CREATE` command doesn't explicitly specify a tablespace, and to create temporary
```

files for purposes such as sorting large data sets. When no temporary
tablespace is specified, PostgreSQL uses the default tablespace of a database, which is
currently the main `PGDATA` volume.

When you specify more than one temporary tablespace, PostgreSQL randomly picks
one the first time a temporary object needs to be created in a transaction.
Then it sequentially iterates through the list.

> Temporary tablespaces also work like regular tablespaces with regard to backups.

Reviewer: I think part of the meaning is lost here. The main message is that temporary tablespaces work like regular tablespaces.
The backups part is just for reassurance, not the main take-away.
Not sure how to say it better though...

Reviewer 2: I agree

```

They can be created at initialization time or added later, requiring a
rolling update. The `temporary: true/false` option adds or removes the
tablespace name to or from the list of tablespaces in the `temp_tablespaces`

> option. (This change doesn't require a restart of PostgreSQL.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
option. This change doesn't require a restart of PostgreSQL.
```
